QA Update installation.md (#1795)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: installing_on_google_compute_engine/_topics/installation.md

3.  Configuring the {{ site.data.product.title_short }} appliance.

After you complete all the listed preceding steps, you have
a working environment on which additional customizations and
configurations can be performed.

### Obtaining the Appliance

### Uploading the Appliance on Google Compute Engine

When the {{ site.data.product.title_short }} Google Compute Engine appliance is downloaded to your system, upload the appliance to Google Compute Engine.

To upload the {{ site.data.product.title_short }} Google Compute Engine appliance file, you need to satisfy the following requirements:
- 44 GB of storage space
- 12 GB RAM
- 4 vCPUs.

You can upload the appliance with the following steps:

1.  Log in to the Google Cloud Platform dashboard.

> 2.  Click **Home** located on the left of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Click **Home** located in the top left corner of the screen.
```

Author: We can't say things like top left bottom right etc. These introduce accessibility violations.

3.  Click ![gce products services](../images/gce-products-services.png) to
    show the **Products and Services** menu. Click **Storage**.

4.  Create a bucket by clicking **Create Bucket**, and configure the
    following details:

>     1.  Enter a unique **Name** for the bucket that uses lowercase
>         alphanumeric characters, hyphens, and underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1.  Enter a unique **Name** for the bucket.  Valid characters include lowercase alphanumeric characters, hyphens, and underscores.
```

    services > Compute Engine** on the left menu.

7.  Create an image by clicking **Images** from the left menu, then
    **Create Image**. Enter the following details about the image:

>     1.  Enter a unique **Name** for the image that uses lowercase

Reviewer: Same comment as above

        alphanumeric characters and hyphens.

>     2.  Add a **Description**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2.  Optionally, add a **Description**.
```

    3.  Configure **Encryption** if needed. The default value is set to `Automatic
        (recommended)`.

    4.  In **Source**, use the dropdown to select `Cloud Storage file`.
        This shows the **Cloud Storage file** field.

    5.  In **Cloud Storage file**, click **Browse** to open the
        **Select object** window. Select the bucket containing the image that you uploaded and click the **\>** symbol to locate the `tar.gz`
        image inside the bucket. Select the image and click **Select**.

    6.  Click **Create**. Creating an image can take a few minutes.
        When the image is created, the screen refreshes, and the new
        image appears in the **Images** list.

8.  Create a virtual machine instance by navigating to **VM
    instances > Create Instance**, and configure the following fields:

>     1.  Enter a unique **Name** for the virtual machine instance that uses

Reviewer: Same comment as above
